Elon Musk first human patient able to
control mouse through thinking neuralink
Rob if you have that video to show I'll
read it to you while Rob's pulling this
up so pretty wild on what this is doing
now Elam announced a social media event
at x uh on X that neurolinks first human
patient implanted with a brain chip has
shown remarkable prog progress being
able to move a mouse around the screen
by just stinking indicating a
significant breakthrough in brain
computer interface techn Aly mus
emphasize the patient's full recovery
and the success of the neural effects
stating progress is good and the patient
seems to have made a full recovery with
neuro effects that we are aware of I
mean this is Rob if you got a video just
play the video if you got that go ahead
watch This creepy Joy of connecting with
your loved ones browsing the web or even
playing games using only your
thoughts this is made possible by
placing a small cosmetically invisible
implant in a part of your brain that
plans
movements the device is designed to
interpret your
neity you can operate a computer or
smartphone by simply thinking about
moving no wires or physical movement are
required by participating in the prime
study you'd be helping to redefine the
boundaries of human
capability if you've been living with
quadriplegia from a spinal cord injury
or with ALS you may qualify for the
Prime
study we'd love to share more with you
and get you on board you know visit our
website today learn Bri that let me
explain something Adam you nailed it
earlier that accent I'm signing up but
if that was a New York guy going hey put
this [__] thing in your brain that's
when you're like no but but and P if you
don't mind listen guys I'm before I even
start this I I respect Elon Musk I think
he's brilliant I think what he's done
for spe uh free speech and buying X is
all cool but just Devil's Advocate you
never know when somebody might be a wolf
in sheep's clothing and I'm saying this
like think about what's happening if if
if Elon Musk didn't buy Twitter and give
us a free speech platform and that was
happening wouldn't you be asking a lot
more questions like right now we're kind
of baffled like what wait what a chip in
the brain if he didn't give us that if
he didn't champion this free speech
movement I think we'd be judging the
hell out of him because think about it
think about what he's doing he's
launched every other week There's a new
SpaceX launch you ever noticed that
launching all these stuff these low
orbit satellites some are saying that
he's trying to set up this this
Ultramagnetic thing for all the 5G and
the 6G and the 7gs that are coming he
launches Tesla okay which is you know
they're trying to go autonomous vehicles
where you know at some point time the
car is going to do what it wants to do
if that's what some some of the fears
are wh cars did that in Phoenix and
people set them on Fire EX exactly and
then now he has neural link where
there's a chip in your brain okay if he
didn't buy Twitter it'd be crazy but and
and here's where I'm going with this I
think uh I think I lost my page but the
future is connecting the human brain
with AI right with all that cloud stuff
that he's talking about Ray kwell is one
of the leading guys where he's like
we're going to be incorporated but there
was a big problem with him because they
were they were worried about an arct War
where artificial intelligence is now
going to think that they're smarter than
us and we're going to have a fight
SpaceX is leading the way um but then
think about if he's this free speech guy
then why all of a sudden he's doing
these these deals with the Pentagon
what's that story Rob I think he did one
where oh yeah where musk SpaceX forges
tighter links with us spy military
agencies they're they're supposedly
hating him cuz he's giving us thise Free
Speech but he's working with them and
then who's to say guys really think
about this this microchip is in your is
in your brain right even though that
nice British accent and I'm going to put
you but who's to say that at one point
he can't go on his phone and control
what the hell you're doing you know I
mean listen to what I'm doing go buy
this go do this go into this you know
building and start shooting I think I
think this is a very very very slippery
slope and I think again just being
Devil's Advocate everybody loves Elon
Musk but nobody's asking the real
questions like what is the end game
because bro he's a businessman at the
end of the day and he's trying to make
money am I right no doubt with Elon well
let's give credit what credits do you
know he was just nominated for Nobel
Peace Prize yeah that's fine so that's
fine I mean I'm saying good for good for
him but still so uh and why was he
nominated it's because he's a stout
proponent of free speech obviously this
is regarding Twitter and now X but if
you said 2 three years ago Elon Musk
when he became the richest man in the
world right around co uh that he's being
nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize if you
had to put money on the reason why you
would have gone down the list and You'
have been like well you know Green
energy with Tesla um everything he's
building with the tunnels with the
boring company out there in in
California SpaceX going to the Moon
everything they're doing with that going
to space starlink everything that's
going on with the satellites he's
supported Ukraine against Russia in the
fight in the war I don't know if you
knew that but he was using starlink to
support Ukraine
neuralink helping sick people be able to
move their body everything with that no
uh he just bought Twitter for 44 billion
dollar lost money uh the number one 503
company in the world at this point at
this point uh but it's pretty impressive
what this guy's done he's a builder he's
a Creator and I actually think he's
going to win the Nobel Peace Prize for
free speech Tom you you know I I see the
other side side of this we we went all
the way down to mus here the neur the
benefits of neuralink um I I was invited
and um when I saw um jobs and gate speak
the following year um at that same
conference following year uh I met a guy
I talked to him for about a half hour
his name is Dean common and he runs
DARPA and he was he showed all of us the
early prototypes of what became the Luke
arm where he was trying to put arms yes
that's him he was trying to put arms uh
back on to soldiers that had lost the
full limb and his theory was that the
nerves that were in your shoulder were
still there even though the arm was cut
off and if he could get the arm and
Technology to listen to the nerves that
you could actually have a soldier with
an artificial arm able to do things and
I saw the Prototype on a guy feed
himself with a spoon from a bowl and
this was a soldier that had lost his arm
and if you look up the Luke arm so why
am I saying this neuralink is a
progression that you can go back to the
work of like of of Dean and DARPA that
are trying to do things there's always
going to be like a downside like we're
making robots we making super soldiers
or doing things this was an arm designed
to give Mobility back to somebody that
had lost it and so look at the good that
can happen and by the way that looks
like robotic but remember it's got to
listen to something the nerves in your
body that are telling you to move have
little electronic the right person this
is lifechanging by the way oh big time I
watched a veteran feed himself for the
first time in years I saw it with my own
eyes the veteran with the arm was taking
a spoon and feeding himself oatmeal
getting emotional that he was he had
Mobility back so the things that are
going on here and I think what musk is
doing and take that from moving a mouse
to being able to be you know functional
again for somebody who's been injured
there's always going to be a dark side
oh they're going to make a bunch of
robot soldiers and we're going to fight
the war like that but my point is I
think there's a lot of good that's being
happened here and I think the same core
of musk that brought us feed speech is
thinking about neuralink I don't think
he's thinking about soldiers in defense
does he understand the risk sure he does
you hear him saying things about Ai and
the risk of AI in certain circumstances
well if you're if you're hold on but if
if you're the guy humanist yeah yeah but
hold on but if you're the guy that's
saying AI could end Humanity why are you
putting chips in people's brains that
are going to be ultimately connected
with AI so all I'm saying is and I I I
Tom I respect that and I think it's
amazing but at the end of the day it's
like you know you can ask questions and
be like yo dude what if you're saying
one thing but you're doing the other
thing like what are we talking about
here just it's a slippery slope and it's
going to get pretty crazy pretty fast
you don't have to put it in your head
dude what do you mean you don't have to
put in Link in your head by the way let
me ask you let me ask you Tom and and
and by the way Rob can you can you do me
a favor and run a poll okay run a poll
would you consider putting neuralink in
your brain don't say anything Brun I've
already ran one uh it's running right
now actually 86% of the audience 2500
people have voted 86% of the audience
say no they would not get a neuralink
impant their so let me ask this other
question though what follow what would
need to happen right for you to consider
doing that because remember there was
this thing back in the day some of you
guys may remembered it was called photo
albums remember that thing back in the
days it's nowadays if you have it in
your house you have to be above 70 years
old right yeah because nobody has photo
albums anymore nowadays everything's
with photo albums is what Instagram you
know how you go see your friend like oh
my God I haven't seen you for six years
but dude I feel like I know everything
that's going on in your life why is that
because of Instagram being the photo
album okay when social media first came
out I was very late to get on Facebook
very late everybody was getting on
Facebook I'm like dude there's no way in
the world I'm going to get on Facebook
and post pictures of my life there are
you out of your freaking
mind and then I did and then this other
four square thing came out yeah check in
where you are you want me to tell people
where I'm at so they can come and haunt
me this is how Middle Eastern things I'm
not going to say where I'm at with what
bar I'm at what business I'm at Tom
would you at all at what point would you
consider putting the neuralink chip in
your head this goes to all of you guys
at what point I'll I'll answer that here
those the 86% of the people that voted
no voted no with a healthy arm to move a
mouse and to click the no button now
let's take a poll of people who have
been debilitated and maybe need it to be
to be healed or brought back and if I
was in a ition that it offered me the
ability to get part of my life back or
part of get Mobility back yes I would
consider it okay so watch this let's
just say you're 78 years old and you
officially have dementia yeah let's just
call you Joseph I don't know 81 years
old okay and joy what and the people at
your company keep pointing it out to you
and you're like so what if what if all
of a sudden I'm being serious with you
what all of a sudden this guy named
Joseph who lives in the DC I think it's
called Pittsburgh Avenue or
Pennsylvania so what if this guy named
Joseph calls Elon Musk and says listen
bro damn if you put this chip in okay he
takes it next thing you know press
conference hello everybody
so he's just like Bam Bam Bam he's
killing and we're like holy moly
everyone's going to be voting for this
guy so guess what I'm giving a little
bit of a strategy here I think this guy
Joseph living on Pennsylvania Avenue
should make a phone call oh my God to
this other guy who lives in Austin and
says put this damn chip in
2024 make AI great again let's go you
know they used to call me sleepy Joe but
now I can't sleep I'm up all
night I'm going to solve r one night
there's there's a downside downside cuz
Halfway Around the World G goes he says
Say wing Chow yeah stop trying to hack
the Federal Reserve board just hack that
guy oh God that's oh now here we go but
by the way and and it's a brilliant idea
and uh that guy Joe's wife if she's a if
she's a doctor she could do the surgery
and put the the thing in his head so he
doesn't have to go pay for what what if
like you know wow there's side
conversations and Joseph's like listen I
want the AMG package I want I want like
the fully loaded they're going to know
though they're going to know that you're
too ADV just just as long as you're not
in your underwear I just I just want you
to think like how those well do you
remember when 1928 when
this what happened and how about the
time that do General dis in 1826 and
what about the time that that what did
he say this guy you
know late breaking news late breaking
news it's like in a weird turn of events
Joseph Biden approval rating
96% among Republicans the debt we're out
of debt the war is over and we're in Sur
thank you vomic it's like Viagra for
your brain it is it really is imagine
that it really is But to answer your
question how many people would you say
would actually do this well if we
learned anything from the migrant crisis
in the sanctuary City whereis the
migrant CR Crisis crisis M um people
don't take notice until things
personally affect you so the sanctuary
cities the people in New York and the
Chicago and the blue States and the blue
cities they're like ah you know let them
in the Border they can come in what what
wrong with you but when they get shipped
to Nantucket or Marthur Vineyard to show
up in New York and all of a sudden they
beat the [__] out of cops and they start
taking your money all of a sudden it's
like yeah uh I'm not liking this
whatsoever so I I don't think any
healthy able person would not put this
in their body until it affects you I
think longterm if there's a company
that's hiring six people three of them
have this chip in their head the other
three don't in the interview process the
guy asks a question how do you handle
some like this and the guy just spits
out out the best strategy and gets on
the board and writes out exactly what to
do to solve it according to mathematical
formulas the other three are going to be
like all right next this guy's going to
be like look but what matters more what
matters more I have a real brain so then
then you know it'll be the same thing
which by the way this is going to get
very political very quickly I think it's
going to take about 10 years you know
what's going to happen you know how
those guys that wear the shirts yeah
unvaxxed sperm what what what is you
know oh $7,000 for I think our friend
Luke has
$7,000
uncinated like listen I've not been
vaccinated and all this stuff then the
the guys on like tendor saying I never
took the vaccine so it's like this is
who I am I think it could get to that
point where it's going to be do you want
the real thing it's like hey do do you
want fake boobs you want real boobs you
what would you like right oh can you cuz
want real brain you want F they're
saying with that chip the future is
you're going to be able to learn any
language or and can you imagine Tom
sitting here like he gets a dual fight
gets hit and he goes from English to SCH
and he's like you keep punching Tom to
just go through all the
language German comes
out SPM 7,000 a load ladies I'm unvaxxed
to my German friends I'm looking to my
left
D oh whoa whoa Tom you have link who's
your audience who's your audience who's
your audience question so if you like
this clip and you want to watch another
one click right here and if you want to
watch the entire podcast click right
here
a